Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to the app developer. This app does not collect any personal data. 
Nevertheless applies:
It is the app developer's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information he may collect.
He only asks for personal information when he truly needs it to provide a service to you. He collects it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. He also let you know why he's collecting it and how it will be used.
He only retains collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data he stores, he’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
He don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
The app may link to external sites that are not operated by the app developer. Please be aware that the app developer has no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse the request for your personal information, with the understanding that the app developer is unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of the app will be regarded as acceptance of the developers practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how user data and personal information are handled, feel free to contact the developer (mail:locada@web.de).

This policy is effective as of 31 December 2019.

Generated by GetTerms.io
